whole operation Molly's dissected owns a
call for see Daniel Marsh and I'm here
with Michael Magda now and we're here
because there's no water at the house
but you know what that's not a problem
because in the city there's always fresh
water oh hey huh so we're gonna utilize
that fresh water today for an awesome
pretty amazing
legal experience so Lee gonna die oh
here we have a water pump it's attached
to a fresh water well down below this is
a standard-issue Eagle 308 everywhere
and I had one a voluble wrong guy people
out there need fresh watery goodness you
know where to go on your corner of your
street the bronchi well so let's pump
this water and see what comes out sound
I'm too big so he'll actually no water
we already anticipated that you can't
get more water without a little bit of
water so we brought a little bit of
water with us to put it into the pump
there's a little bit of water right
there so what that is going to do is
he's going to put into the suction valve
to draw more water out very slowly
this is technique okay because you got
to pump and pour at the right precise
moment just like NASA technology
and as you see we have some water coming
out already that's the water yes just
the water dripping at the end this water
is a fractional minerals smells gorgeous
and well etiquette as you may know or
may not you have to step to the side so
that's step one set to the side and
leave space for everyone else to pump
their water once you have your water
ready get your equipment ready also so
you have your Apple table oh and you
have your so and your shampoo I'll
actually improve this conditioner you
bought the wrong product this is a stone
right here this is scrubbing stone
Apocalypto supersize our source first
you need to make sure that it's the
right softness when you scrub it and
this is just about the same you know
it's it's a good look good logo -
Messiah and Poong he loads at tagalog
you're gonna make sure there's no dirt
on it I think this is because you can
have this there you go before you can
finally start you actually have to look
around to see if anybody's watching and
if nobody's watching just take off your
shirt
we want are at you taste a little
Medellin so you can tell us now pressure
water that's the minerals for the
nutrients and behavior of water you all
know how to shower out there where
you're from it's the same thing as
normal
it's no difference in the street you'll
need a shower curtain reminds me of that
but I leave some in Cebu shoulda brought
my toothbrush
I got the scrub from earlier funky Lodge
and so gonna test it out on my back it's
not something I want to use every day
because it kind of hurts but the more
you use it the more you get used to the
feeling it's kind of rough though
so miko handed me the stone he calls it
our a local long hood logo logo
apparently still oh good
puggy hood hyung you look so basically
you're supposed to scrub your head all
the dead skin exfoliation you know like
that so who wants to go to the spa when
you can go on the street that's it's
quite painful Jesus it's like a
exfoliator of skynyrd space of your rock
and we got this in the sari-sari store
some shop I told Daniel earlier that I
got this at a sari-sari store but really
I just found it on the floor and he was
using it another sure I'll refreshed
from your local foreign guy spa
experience the time has come to now dry
yourself and do it preferably with a
towel with no holes and like mind about
me go that's right you know I actually
forgot to bring my towel today but it's
not a big problem because you can
actually just sundry so on my way home
I'll already meet fully dry yeah so
after my experiences today was quite
interesting to shower in public a lot of
people are looking at you but it's nice
to be outside and smell the fresh air
that city air yeah whatever it's
definitely not something you're used to
because it is kind of awkward that
people are staring I use like hey hey
there buddy yes unfortunate we don't
know much about it but we tried our best
to teach you guys the techniques to
shower in public so take care I mean
next time I'm catch you next time
Michael McDonald bird sometimes when you
don't have one at home and you late work
and you really need her has not felt
like I did and what is that Miko look
what it cannot be what can that be
shower oh my that's your part then and
today's guide oh yeah so in every city
for every 9 we're gonna test this bad
boy open up so we're gonna test this bad
boy over there that I mentioned earlier
the funky low did I mentioned earlier
hellish all rejuvenated I got a hot date
about definitely burn out yeah
you